README.md, before:

# Sardinia MTB Trails (WIP)

## Description

Welcome to the Sardinia MTB Trails project! This application provides comprehensive information about mountain bike trails in Sardinia, including their difficulty levels, distances, elevation profiles, and other relevant details. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced rider, you'll find trails that suit your skill level and preferences.

## Features

-   Detailed trail descriptions
-   Difficulty ratings
-   Distance and elevation profiles
-   Interactive trail maps

## Setup

### Using Docker

1. **Clone the repository**

2. **Navigate the repository**:
    ```bash
    cd sardinia_mtb_trails
    ```

3. **Create and configure the `.env` file**:
    - Copy the example `.env` file and configure it with your settings:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

4. **Start the application and MongoDB containers**:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

### Local Development with Hot Reload

1. **Clone the repository**

2. **Navigate the repository**:
    ```bash
    cd sardinia_mtb_trails
    ```
    ```

3. **Create and configure the [.env](http://_vscodecontentref_/2) file**:
    - Copy the example [.env](http://_vscodecontentref_/3) file and configure it with your settings:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    - Ensure your DB_URI is:
    ```
    DB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017
    ```

4. **Start the MongoDB container**:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up -d mongo
    ```

5. **Create a virtual environment and activate it**:
    - On Windows:
        ```bash
        python -m venv venv
        .\venv\Scripts\activate
        ```
    - On macOS/Linux:
        ```bash
        python3 -m venv venv
        source venv/bin/activate
        ```

6. **Install the necessary dependencies**:
    ```bash
    make install
    ```

7. **Run the application**:
    ```bash
    make run
    ```

## API Documentation

The API documentation is autogenerated by FastAPI using the OpenAPI specification. You can access the interactive API docs at the following endpoint:

```
http://localhost:8000/docs
```

This will provide you with a user-friendly interface to explore and test the API endpoints.

Commit message:

Enhance README with quality assurance and testing instructions

README.md, after:

# Sardinia MTB Trails (WIP)

## Description

Welcome to the Sardinia MTB Trails project! This application provides comprehensive information about mountain bike trails in Sardinia, including their difficulty levels, distances, elevation profiles, and other relevant details. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced rider, you'll find trails that suit your skill level and preferences.

## Features

-   Detailed trail descriptions
-   Difficulty ratings
-   Distance and elevation profiles
-   Interactive trail maps

## Setup

### Using Docker

1. **Clone the repository**

2. **Navigate the repository**:
    ```bash
    cd sardinia_mtb_trails
    ```

3. **Create and configure the `.env` file**:
    - Copy the example `.env` file and configure it with your settings:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

4. **Start the application and MongoDB containers**:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

### Local Development with Hot Reload

1. **Clone the repository**

2. **Navigate the repository**:
    ```bash
    cd sardinia_mtb_trails
    ```

3. **Create and configure the [.env](http://_vscodecontentref_/2) file**:
    - Copy the example [.env](http://_vscodecontentref_/3) file and configure it with your settings:
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    - Ensure your DB_URI is:
    ```
    DB_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017
    ```

4. **Start the MongoDB container**:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up -d mongo
    ```

5. **Create a virtual environment and activate it**:
    - On Windows:
        ```bash
        python -m venv venv
        .\venv\Scripts\activate
        ```
    - On macOS/Linux:
        ```bash
        python3 -m venv venv
        source venv/bin/activate
        ```

6. **Install the necessary dependencies**:
    ```bash
    make install
    ```

7. **Run the application**:
    ```bash
    make run
    ```

### Quality Assurance

To run code quality checks, use the following command:

```bash
make qa
```

This will run black and isort to format and sort your code.

### Running Tests

To run tests, use the following command:
```bash
make test
```

This will run your test suite using pytest.

## API Documentation

The API documentation is autogenerated by FastAPI using the OpenAPI specification. You can access the interactive API docs at the following endpoint:

```
http://localhost:8000/docs
```

This will provide you with a user-friendly interface to explore and test the API endpoints.
